# Meeting Minutes - 2025-11-26

**Milestone 2**  

Attendance: Aman, Emily, Ian, Vy

## Expectations written for milestone 2  

- Everyone should contribute equally to all aspects - how can we do?  
- Each member work from branches and that we shift reviews (at least one other teammate)  
- Branches allow for multiple commits on your own branch  
- Meaningful commmit messages
- Github issues - how to use?  

## Discussion  

Improvements from last week?  

- try to better distribute project between teammates better so that we all get exposure to different aspects of the project.  

- Approval cycle? Aman -> Emily -> Ian -> Vy -> Aman

## Fixes from Milestone 1

- [ ] Great job using branches and pull requests! I know that most of your communications will be through Slack, but please try to learn to communicate through issues as well. This is super common practice and a great way to share ideas that you might want to implement. Ideally, try to aim for 2-3 issues (or responses to issues) per person.  

  - *everyone look into how to use issues and practice*

- [ ] Your analysis was interesting and well documented. Remember to only do EDA on training data to avoid data leakage.

  - AMAN - done

- [ ] One small note about reproducibility: Conda-lock doesn’t keep pip-installed packages, so your conda environment (from the Conda-lock file) was missing ucimlrepo and vegafusion. To avoid this, you can try installing these packages through conda directly  

  - AMAN - done

- [ ] Finally, please rename your repository to be more descriptive (e.g. something like ‘iris-classifier’). This makes it easier for other users to find you work and potentially cite it!  

  - AMAN - done

## Overview

1. Containerization
2. Data Validation
3. Integration and Summary

## Tasks

### 1.1 Create Dockerfile  

### 1.2 GitHub Actions

### 1.3 Docker Compose File

### 1.4 Update README Documentation

- VY / IAN?

### 2.1 Validation Checks

VY

- [ ] Correct data file format
- [ ] Correct column names
- [ ] No empty observations
- [ ] Missingness not beyond expected threshold

EMILY

- [ ] Correct data types in each column
- [ ] No duplicate observations
- [ ] No outlier or anomalous values
- [ ] Correct category levels (i.e., no string mismatches or single values)

IAN

- [ ] Target/response variable follows expected distribution
- [ ] No anomalous correlations between target/response variable and features/explanatory variables
- [ ] No anomalous correlations between features/explanatory variables

### 3.1 Integration
